Jeff wants to employ a Faraday cage. What will this accomplish?
It will increase the level of wireless encryption
>It will reduce data emanations
It will increase EMI
It will decrease the level of wireless emanations

You go out the back door of your building and notice someone looking through your company's trash. If this person were trying to acquire sensitive information, what would this attack be known as?
Browsing
>Dumpster diving
Phishing
Hacking

User education does not help to defend against which of the following?
Social engineering
Phishing
>Rainbow tables
Dumpster diving

Which of these is an example of social engineering?
>Asking for a username and password over the phone
Using someone else's unsecured wireless network
Hacking into a router
Virus

What is the most common reason that social engineering succeeds?
Lack of vulnerability testing
People sharing passwords
Lack of auditing
>Lack of user awareness

Of the following definitions, which would be an example of eavesdropping?
>Overhearing parts of a conversation
Monitoring network traffic
Another person looking through your files
A computer capturing information from a sender

A man pretending to be a data communications repair technician enters your building and states that there is networking trouble and he needs access to the server room. What is this an example of?
Man-in-the-middle attack
Virus
>Social engineering
Chain of custody

Turnstiles, double entry doors, and security guards are all preventative measures for what kind of social engineering?
Dumpster diving
Impersonation
>Piggybacking
Eavesdropping

You need to protect your data center from unauthorized entry at all times. Which is the best type of physical security to implement?
>Mantrap
Video surveillance
Nightly security guards
802.1X

Which of the following targets specific people?
Pharming
Phishing
Vishing
>Spear phishing

Why would you implement password masking?
To deter tailgating
>To deter shoulder surfing
To deter impersonation
To deter hoaxes

A targeted e-mail attack is received by your organization's CFO. What is this an example of?
Vishing
Phishing
>Whaling
Spear phishing

Which of the following environmental variables reduces the possibility of static discharges (ESD)?
>Humidity
Temperature
EMI
RFI

Which of the following is a strategy that targets users based on the common websites that they frequent?
Pre-action
Hot/cold aisle
SCADA
>Watering hole

If a fire occurs in the server room, which device is the best method to put it out?
Class A extinguisher
Class B extinguisher
>Class C extinguisher
Class D extinguisher