Which of the following is not one of the three main goals in Information Security?
Confidentiality
>Auditing
Integrity
Availability

To protect against malicious attacks, what should you think like?
>Hacker
Network Admin
Spoofer
Auditor

Tom sends out many e-mails containing secure information to other companies. What concept should be implemented to prove that Tom did indeed send the emails?
Authenticity
>Non-repudiation
Confidentiality
Integrity

Which of the following does the A in CIA stand for when it comes to IT security?
Accountability
Assessment
>Availability
Auditing

Which of the following is the greatest risk when it comes to removable storage?
Integrity of data
Availability of data
>Confidentiality of data
Accountability of data

When it comes to information security, what is the I in CIA?
Insurrection
Information
Indigestion
>Integrity

You are developing a security plan for your organization. Which of the following is an example of a physical control?
Password
DRP
>ID card
Encryption

A user receives an e-mail but the e-mail client software says the digital signature is invalid and the sender of the e-mail cannot be verified. The would-be recipient is concerned about which of the following concepts?
Confidentiality
>Integrity
Remediation
Availability

Cloud environments often reuse the same physical hardware (such as hard drives) for multiple customers. These hard drives are used and reused when customer virtual machines are created and deleted over time. what security concern does this bring up implications for?
Availablility of virtual machines
Integrity of data
>Data confidentiality
Hardware integrity

Which of the following individuals uses code with little knowledge of how it works?
Hacktivist
>Script kiddie
APT
Insider

When is a system completely secure?
When it is updated
When it is assessed for vulnerabilities
When all anomalies have been removed
>Never

A set of computer-attacking processes that targets private organizations or nation states. Also refers to a group that persistently targets a specific entity.
>APT
Defense in Depth
White Hats
Organized Crime

A type of hacker that is contracted to break into a company's system.
Twofish
>White Hat
Script Kiddie
Vampire Tap

The idea of ensuring that a person or group cannot refute the validity of your proof against them.
>Non-repudiation
Mutual Authentication
Accounting
Auditing

The act of protecting information from unauthorized acess. It usually includes an in-depth plan on how to secure data, computers, and networks.
>Information Security
Kerberos
Confidentiality
Authorization