Which of the following has schemas written in XML?
>OVAL
3DES
WPA
PAP

Russ is using only documentation to test the security of a system. What type of testing methodology is this known as?
Active security analysis
>Passive security analysis
Hybrid security analysis
Hands-on security analysis

Of the following, which is the best way for a person to find out what security holes exist on the network?
Run a port scan
Use a network sniffer
>Perform a vulnerability assessment
Use an IDS solution

After using Nmap to do a port scan of your server, you find that several ports are open. Which of the following should you do next?
Leave the ports open and monitor them for malicious attacks
Run the port scan again
Close all ports
>Examine the services and/or processes that use those ports.

Many companies send passwords via clear text. Which of the following can view these passwords?
Rainbow table
Port scanner
John the Ripper
>Protocol analyzer

To show risk from a monetary standpoint, which of the following should risk assessments be based upon?
Survey of loss, potential threats, and asset value
>Quantitative measurement of risk, impact, and asset value
Complete measurement of all threats
Qualitative measurement of risk and impact

The main objective of risk management in an organization is to reduce risk to a level: 
the organization will mitigate
where the ARO equals the SLE
>the organization will accept
where the ALE is lower than the SLE

An example of a program that does comparative analysis is what?
Protocol analyzer
>Password cracker
Port scanner
Event viewer

Which of the following tools uses ICMP as its main underlying protocol?
>Ping scanner
Port scanner
Image scanner
Bardcode scanner

Which of the following is used when performing a quantitative risk analysis?
>Asset value
Surveys
Focus groups
Best practices

You have been tasked with running a penetration test on a server. You have been given limited knowledge about the inner workings of the server. What kind of test will you be performing?
White-box
Gray-box
Black-box
Passive vulnerability scan

Which of the following is a technical control?
Disaster recovery plan
Baseline configuration development
>Least privilege implemenetation
Categorization of system security

Which of the following is a detective security control?
Bollards
Firewall
Tape backup
>CCTV

Why should penetration testing only be done during controlled conditions?
Because vulnerability scanners can cause network flooding
>Because penetration testing actively tests security controls and can cause system instability
Because white-box penetration testing cannot find zero-day attacks
Because penetration testing passively tests security controls and can cause system instability

A security admin is running a security analysis where information about a target system is gained without engaging or exploiting the system. Which of the following describes this type of analysis?
Banner grabbing
ALE assessment
Active reconnaissance
>Passive reconnaissance
